---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Ivynet 0.5 Release Notes

Updated on February 10, 2025.

## Features

<!-- - Expansion to the Symbiotic ecosystem: Now access every previous functionality previously enabled only for EigenLayer on all your Symbiotic nodes.
- On the fly AVS integration to the backend:
  - New mainnet AVSes are being added every day to Symbiotic and EigenLayer, so we rearchitected our client/backend responsibilities flow to allow for additional AVSs to be added without a subsequent update needed on the client
- Docker Event Stream Integration: Immediate discovery of newly deployed AVS's as well as immediate updates on crashed nodes.
- Active Set Management: Check that every operator key is properly in or out of ALL AVS active sets across Symbiotic and EigenLayer!
- Increased fluidity of scan and monitor process:
 - Previously, some options in the monitor command blocked it upon first startup from being autorestarted properly by `systemd`. Now, every user interaction happens in the scan command, and monitor can safely added to `systemd` for automation of service starting.
- Many miscellaneous bugfixes and adaptations to odd docker container images and deployments -->

- Expansion of the Symbiotic ecosystem: Now access all functionality previously enabled only for EigenLayer on all your Symbiotic nodes.
- On-the-fly AVS integration to the backend:
  - New mainnet AVSes are being added daily to Symbiotic and EigenLayer, so we've rearchitected our client/backend responsibilities flow to allow additional AVSs to be added without requiring subsequent updates on the client
- Docker Event Stream Integration: Immediate discovery of newly deployed AVSs as well as immediate updates on crashed nodes.
- Active Set Management: Check that every operator key is properly in or out of ALL AVS active sets across Symbiotic and EigenLayer!
- Increased fluidity of scan and monitor process:
  - Previously, some options in the monitor command blocked it upon first startup from being autorestarted properly by systemd. Now, all user interaction happens in the scan command, and monitor can be safely added to systemd for automation of service starting.
- Docker network mode of host is now supported for metrics functionality.
  - The Ivynet client builds a sidecar that grabs the active ports from the docker container in order to enable this functionality.
- Many miscellaneous bugfixes and adaptations to unique docker container images and deployments

## Acknowledgements

- Docker: Support for Docker deployments including automatically recognized and manually added containers.
- Node Coverage: All EigenLayer and Symbiotic Mainnet AVS's and majority of Holseky AVS's.
- AVS Endpoint Availability: Not all AVS's expose metrics endpoints, so support may vary depending on AVS implementation.
- Semantic Versioning: Not all AVS's use semantic versioning, so next-best alternatives pursued in these instances.
